gh-72793: C implementation of parts of copy.deepcopy (#91610)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2022-04-16-20-21-13.gh-issue-72793.qc-BP-.rst

> Improve performance of ``deepcopy`` by implementing part of the method in C. Original code by Rasmus Villemoes, PR created by Pieter Eendebak

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improve the performance of :func:`copy.deepcopy` by implementing part of the
function in C. Patch by Rasmus Villemoes and Pieter Eendebak.
```
